README.md, before:

# ***TraderBase - Colin Breakell - Portfolio Project 4 ***

- TraderBase is a website for Forex traders who would like to follow along with a Funded ICT Trader. I decided to make this website for all ICT traders out there who would like to gain information and knowledge, while following my journey via a Journal blog. In my Journal I will be providing daily and weekly analysis. Each blog post will contain chart examples and text explaining what my thought proccess is for each day and each week. I will be showing trade examples, useful information, and trading models for users who signup. I wanted to give a 'Money Heist' vibe to my website beacuse I believe trading is like a money heist. We are entering the market ready to start a heist and take money out of the market for ourselves.




# **2. Table of content**

# **3. User Experience (UX)**

## **3.1. The Strategy Plane**

### **3.1.1 The Idea**


### **3.1.2 The Ideal User**



### **3.1.3 Site Goals**



### **3.1.4 Epics**


### **3.1.5 User stories**



**MoSCoW prioritization technique stands for**:

**Must-Have**: Critical requirements that must be implemented for the project to be considered successful.

**Should-Have**: Important requirements that are not critical but add significant value.

**Could-Haves**: Desirable features that would be nice to have but are not crucial.

**Won't-Have**: Features that are explicitly excluded from the project scope.



## **3.2. The Scope Plane**

After decided on the strategy, the scope plane was carefully created.




## **3.3. The Structure Plane**



## **3.4. The Skeleton Plane**



## **3.5. The Surface Plane**


[Back to top]()

---

# **4. Features**



## **4.1. Future Features**


[Back to top]()

---

# **5. Validation, Testing & Bugs**

## **5.1. Validation**
- Pep 8 CI Validator tests: 

| Directory      | File            | Result                                                   |
| -------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| pp4_project    | \`settings.py\` | <span style="color:red;">Fail (Line to long line 122)</span>|
| pp4_project    | \`urls.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| pp4_project    | \`init.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| pp4_project    | \`asgi.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| pp4_project    | \`wsgi.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`urls.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`views.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`tests.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`models.py\`   | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`forms.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`apps.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`admin.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`init.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`views.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`urls.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`tests.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`models.py\`   | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`apps.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`admin.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`init.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |

- W3C CSS VALIDAOR : 
No errors found.


## **5.2. Testing**
|Epic|what the test is|Acceptance Criteria|Outcome|
|-------------|------------------|-----------|-------|
||||| 
|Getting started/Organization|Have I set up my github Repository properly?|A working GitHub Repository|Works as expected|
|Getting started/Organization|Have I created my django project?|Installed Django, created pp4_project, installed needed apps|Works as expected|
|Getting started/Organization|Have I deployed and set up Heroku ?|Set up Heroku correctly, Deploy to Heroku, Install a production-ready webserver for Heroku (gunicorn)|Works as expected|
|Getting started/Organization|Testing if I registered to Cloudinary and is it working as an image hosting provider for superusers?|Superusers can upload images to blog posts, Images are stored on cloudinary|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Can users Register?|Be able to create a new account. Be able to create a Username and Password.|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Can users Login and does an error show if unsuccessful?|Be able to login with Username and Password. Give an error message if login is unsuccessful.|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Can users logout?|User can log out when needed. Have a log out link for users to press to log out. When logged out show login link instead.|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Can the Journal page only be seen when a user is logged in?|Journal page is not visible and available to click if not logged in. Journal page is visible and available to click if signed in|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Can users see if they are logged in or not?|Show users if they are logged in or not. Tell users who is logged in. Tell users if they are not logged in|Works as expected|



## **5.3. Bugs**



[Back to top]()

---

# **6. Deployment**

 

[Back to top]()

---

## **7. Technologies & Credits**

### 7.1. Technologies used to develop and deploy this project

### 7.3. Credits




[Back to top]()

Commit message:

Manual Testing for readme file updated

README.md, after:

# ***TraderBase - Colin Breakell - Portfolio Project 4 ***

- TraderBase is a website for Forex traders who would like to follow along with a Funded ICT Trader. I decided to make this website for all ICT traders out there who would like to gain information and knowledge, while following my journey via a Journal blog. In my Journal I will be providing daily and weekly analysis. Each blog post will contain chart examples and text explaining what my thought proccess is for each day and each week. I will be showing trade examples, useful information, and trading models for users who signup. I wanted to give a 'Money Heist' vibe to my website beacuse I believe trading is like a money heist. We are entering the market ready to start a heist and take money out of the market for ourselves.




# **2. Table of content**

# **3. User Experience (UX)**

## **3.1. The Strategy Plane**

### **3.1.1 The Idea**


### **3.1.2 The Ideal User**



### **3.1.3 Site Goals**



### **3.1.4 Epics**


### **3.1.5 User stories**



**MoSCoW prioritization technique stands for**:

**Must-Have**: Critical requirements that must be implemented for the project to be considered successful.

**Should-Have**: Important requirements that are not critical but add significant value.

**Could-Haves**: Desirable features that would be nice to have but are not crucial.

**Won't-Have**: Features that are explicitly excluded from the project scope.



## **3.2. The Scope Plane**

After decided on the strategy, the scope plane was carefully created.




## **3.3. The Structure Plane**



## **3.4. The Skeleton Plane**



## **3.5. The Surface Plane**


[Back to top]()

---

# **4. Features**



## **4.1. Future Features**


[Back to top]()

---

# **5. Validation, Testing & Bugs**

## **5.1. Validation**
- Pep 8 CI Validator tests: 

| Directory      | File            | Result                                                   |
| -------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| pp4_project    | \`settings.py\` | <span style="color:red;">Fail (Line to long line 122)</span>|
| pp4_project    | \`urls.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| pp4_project    | \`init.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| pp4_project    | \`asgi.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| pp4_project    | \`wsgi.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`urls.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`views.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`tests.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`models.py\`   | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`forms.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`apps.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`admin.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| trading_blog   | \`init.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`views.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`urls.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`tests.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`models.py\`   | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`apps.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`admin.py\`    | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |
| home           | \`init.py\`     | <span style="color:green;">PASS</span>                   |

- W3C CSS VALIDAOR : 
No errors found.


## **5.2. Testing**
|Epic|What the test is|How I done the test|Outcome|
|-------------|------------------|-----------|-------|
||||| 
|Getting started/Organization|Tested to see if the deployed project works|Clicked on Heroku live project url.|Works as expected|
|Getting started/Organization|Tested to see if PostgreSQL database was connected to Heroku|Logged in as superuser and Checked admin panel on Heroku live site to see if database was connected successfully|Works as expected|
|Getting started/Organization|Testing if I registered to Cloudinary and is it working as an image hosting provider for superusers.|Uploaded a image to my Journal posts via the admin panel using cloudinary, checked if It was displayed on my post_detail page|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Testing to see if users can register|Try create a new account, entered username and password correctly|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Testing to see if an error pops up when users dont add a username and/or password when registering|Leave out a password and/or username when registering|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Can users Login and does an error show if unsuccessful?|Logged in correctly - then logged in with wrong credentials to see if an error message shows|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Can users logout?|Clicked logout button|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Does the correct links show when Logged in/out|Clicked login button - to see if Journal page shows and logout shows - Then clicked logout to see if Journal page was invisible and login/register links were visible|Works as expected|
|User Authentication and Authorization|Testing to see if users can see if they are logged in or not|Logged in and logged out to see if a message showed that the user is logged in or logged out|Works as expected|
|Trading Blog|Tested to see if user can click each Journal post, and it brings them directly to that post|Clicked on each trading Journal post to see if each post sent me to the correct post_detail page|Works as expected|
|Trading Blog|Tested to see if user can view all Journal posts posted via a paginiated list of posts|Clicked on next & previous buttons on post page to go between the most recent posts to older posts|Works as expected|
|Admin Panel|Tested to see if Superuser can successfully use the admin panel to upload Jounral blog posts |Went to admin panel- clicked on Journals - clicked add Journal - Added content to all neccessary fields and clicked save|Works as expected|
|Admin Panel|Tested to see if Journal blog posts were not uploaded to the journal page if status was set to 'draft' |Went to admin panel - clicked on add Journals - Added content to Journal - Put status as draft - hit save - checked to see if post was uploaded or not to journal page. Post was not uploaded |Works as expected|
|Admin Panel|Tested to see if each part of my Journal model worked and was visible for users to see once published. These include Excerpt, title, and watchlist on post.html Journal page - Title, main content, watchlist, news events,specific news, and images on post_detail.html page|Works as expected|
|Admin Panel|Tested to see if Superuser can successfully approve comments made by users |Went to admin panel- clicked on Comments - clicked on each comment - Clicked the approve box to approve the comment - clicked save -  checked comment section on live site to see if comment had been approved|Works as expected|
|User Interaction on posts|Tested to see if users can comment on Journal posts|Clicked into a Journal post, scrolled down to comment section - Typed in a comment and clicked submit|Works as expected|
|User Interaction on posts|Tested to see if users can update their comment on Journal posts|Clicked into a Journal post, scrolled down to comment section - Typed in a comment and clicked submit, then clicked edit button on comment - typed in new comment and clicked update button - comment updated |Works as expected|
|User Interaction on posts|Tested to see if users can delete their comment on Journal posts and if a modal pops up when user clicks delete to confirm deletion|Clicked into a Journal post, scrolled down to comment section - Typed in a comment and clicked submit - Found comment and clicked delete - modal pops up, clicked delete button to confirm deletion |Works as expected|
|User Interaction on posts|Tested to see if text shows when a user deletes a post |Clicked into a Journal post, scrolled down to comment section - Typed in a comment and clicked submit - deleted comment - Text then shows to the user that the comment was deleted|Works as expected|
|User Interaction on posts|Tested to see if text shows when a user comments on a post |Clicked into a Journal post, scrolled down to comment section - Typed in a comment and clicked submit. Text shown that the comment was submitted and is awaiting approval |Works as expected|
|User Interaction on posts|Tested to see if text shows when a user updates a comment on a post |Clicked into a Journal post, scrolled down to comment section - Typed in a comment and clicked submit. - Click edit button and update comment, then click update. - Text then shown saying comment updated! |Works as expected|







## **5.3. Bugs**



[Back to top]()

---

# **6. Deployment**

 

[Back to top]()

---

## **7. Technologies & Credits**

### 7.1. Technologies used to develop and deploy this project

### 7.3. Credits




[Back to top]()
